[singing in Japanese]
[narrator]
The Nautilus crew
returned to Atlantis
to bury their fallen comrades.
While there,
Jean found out that his father
was killed by the Garfish.
He decides that he will stay
aboard the Nautilus
and see their journey
to the end,
but who will tell him
the secret of Blue Water?
[whistling]
[all grunting]
[fast whistling]
[quirky music playing]
Oh, pardon me.
[Grandis laughing]
Now look here, Ms. Grandis!
Just what do you think
you're doing out here?
Having a much better
time than you, huh.
While you are aboard this ship,
you must follow
the daily exercise regimen.
[laughs]
I can't be bothered to engage
in your childish contortions.
Beauty needs
only rest and proper pampering.
I certainly can understand
your aversion
to regular exercise.
With so much extra weight,
it must be tiring.
Is that so?
Well, you do this every day
and it still has done nothing
for those hips of yours, dear.
[gasps]
What was that?
[Grandis]
You heard me.
[electric zapping]
[all]
One, two, three, four,
five, six.
One, two.
[Hanson]
It feels good
to stretch your muscles
in the sea air,
don't you think?
[Sanson]
Most definitely.
Even the Nautilus
can feel cramped
after a long haul.
[Hanson]
I haven't heard you complain
about being on board
in quite a while.
[Sanson]
Really? I guess I'm getting
used to the sea-faring life.
[Hanson]
Even though we still eat
nothing but fish at every meal?
[Sanson]
Hmm. I hadn't given
that much thought lately.
[Hanson]
I remember when you used to
keep me awake
complaining about
the earaches you'd get
from traveling
underwater.
[Sanson]
Oh, well, I guess my ears
got used to the ship, too.
-[all] Whoa.
-[Sanson] Huh?
[man]
Excellent.
[all cheering and applauding]
Nadia's getting back to normal.
Yes. She acts like a kid now.
-So tell me, Hanson.
-Hmm?
Ms. Electra?
What about her, Sanson?
What's up?
So, do you want me to tell you
how to get closer to her?
Uh, I don't--
I have years of experience
in this field
and the best strategy
is a full attack.
That doesn't sound too nice.
Attack?
Attack. Love is war.
You need to be bold,
be aggressive,
you must approach your target
actively and quite positively.
A do or die spirit is required.
Do not give up until the prize
is in your tenure.
[water splashes]
How do I make the first move?
With flowers.
Flowers?
That's right.
Flowers break down
a woman's resistance.
But there aren't
any flower shops
aboard this submarine.
Then I guess you'll
have to make some.
Make some?
That's right.
You have to make them
with your own two hands!
But--hmm.
[electric zaps]
[both]
Mm-hmm.
[sonar]
Wait up.
Huh? What is it, Eiko?
Hey, Jean, how would you like
to be a part of a fan club?
Fan club?
The Ikoli Club
in honor of the ship's nurse.
Every member gets this photo
and also a membership card.
Who belongs to it?
[all laugh]
She certainly is popular.
Well, Jean, you want to join?
Well, I'd like to.
But what is it?
I'm a fan of Nadia.
Hmm, so what?
So what?
You can't have two girls
at the same time.
Listen up, Jean, because
I'm gonna give you some advice.
That is that,
and this is this.
Which is which?
You know, you're just a kid.
I'm a lot more
than just a kid, Eiko.
Just look at yourself,
starting a silly fan club
for a ship's nurse,
a club I won't be joining
by the way!
Goodbye!
[door slams]
What's eating him?
[Jean] Have you noticed that
the crew is acting a lot nicer
to us since we left Atlantis?
Yes, but I think that's
because they feel sorry for us.
I don't know.
It's typical grown-up behavior,
if you ask me.
Grown-ups.
All they ever do is treat me
like a child.
But you are a child.
Is that so?
A child is not able to make
its own decisions, is it?
Like what?
Well, for one thing--
-[Marie] I found you!
-Huh?
[laughs]
Now, it's Jean's turn
to be it.
[Jean]
Darn.
-Well, hurry!
-[Jean] I will, Marie.
-[Marie] You'll never find us.
-[Jean grunts]
Ready or not.
[Marie]
Wait! Don't look for us yet.
There's much more
to being a grown-up, Jean.
[water splashes]
[Nemo]
Well, what do you want?
I-I have an important
request, Captain.
I'm asking that you make me
a full member of
the Nautilus crew.
I want nothing more than to
avenge my father's death.
You must help me. Please.
[Nemo]
This, I cannot do, Jean.
Is it because I'm too young?
Not at all.
I won't allow you to kill.
Huh?
You see...
the reason we fight this war
is to prevent someone like you
from having to fight
and kill other people.
I'd rather lose in battle
than bloody your hands.
-Do you understand?
-[Jean] Yes, I guess I do.
[water splashing]
What?
Electra, would you
do me a favor?
If you explain that
to Captain Nemo,
I'm sure you can persuade him
to change his mind.
[Electra]
That, I cannot do.
But why not?
Captain Nemo made
a wise decision.
I won't ask him
to reconsider it.
[Jean]
I understand.
[all] Hmm?
I have a small favor
to ask of you.
[Grandis] Are you sure
that's what you want?
Sure, I'm sure.
I already asked Captain Nemo
and Electra directly.
Oh, and what did they tell you?
They said no.
Ah, that's what I thought.
But it is really important
that I become an official
member of the Nautilus crew!
Can't you please help me?
[Sanson]
There's nothing we can do.
Jean, think hard.
You're going about it
the wrong way.
Huh?
If it really means
that much to you,
you're going to have
to keep pressing Captain Nemo
and Electra until they realize
your usefulness.
Don't count on others.
You have to do this
entirely on your own.
Uh...
A child relies on grown-ups,
but a man like me takes matters
into his own hands
until he gets exactly
what he wants.
Hmm.
[mellow music playing]
[Sanson]
Don't count on others.
You have to do this entirely
on your own.
-Hi.
-Hello.
[Nadia]
Why do you look so sad?
[Jean]
I'm not sad.
Do you want something?
Um, not really.
The sky is so bright,
but it's beautiful, too.
Doesn't it just make you want
to fly through the sky again?
Huh?
My, I'd love to fly again.
Only in the craft
built by Jean.
[gasps]
Magnifique!
I'll build another aircraft.
I've been thinking of a new
design as a matter of fact,
but you'd have to be
on the maiden voyage, Nadia.
Of course.
[Jean] Well, then I'll start
right away!
[Nadia]
Excellent! Good luck to you.
[mellow music playing]
[Sanson]
Hey, Hanson?
What is Jean working on
so endlessly?
[Hanson] He says he has a new
aircraft design in his head.
Ah. Nadia?
She's looking for Jean.
[grumbles]
[Marie laughs]
Marie wins!
Lord, everyone's all smitten
with love these days.
[Nadia]
Jean, I'm coming in.
[gasps]
What on earth?
There's no more room in here.
-[Jean] There's some over here.
-Huh?
That's not even big
enough for Marie.
Jean, you didn't even come
to dinner with us tonight.
Everyone else has finished
eating already.
[Jean] Sorry.
I was just too busy
at that moment.
Are you going to come
and eat or not?
[Jean]
Leave it in the mess hall.
I'll take a break later.
Oh, do as you please.
[Jean]
Nadia?
The sooner I'm finished
designing this,
the sooner you'll fly again.
Oh, good.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[water splashes]
[Hanson]
They're finished!
-[Sanson] Hmm?
-Sanson, look at 'em,
they just have to dry.
Good! Nice job. Well done.
Hmm, ah, well, I think
I'll go look in on Jean.
[Jean]
Boy, this is difficult.
I just--I can't make
the variable equipment work.
[Hanson]
So, how's it going?
Oh, Hanson.
I came by to see how
you're holding up.
It looks to me
like you might be having
a little trouble there.
Nothing I can't solve.
Well, I think
it would be a whole lot easier
to solve if we put
our heads together.
No, thanks.
I'll do it myself.
Now, now, it's very childish
to have such a temper, Jean.
I don't have a temper!
Thank you.
Adults are supposed
to give advice to children.
See, that is what
adults are for.
Well, I don't need it.
See, because I am not a child.
Hmm?
Such a smart aleck.
He's at a difficult age.
He is?
[Grandis] Boys are useless
in adolescence.
They are so caught up
in making the jump from
boyhood to manhood.
[both] Why do they want
to become men?
Because men can do
what boys cannot.
[both] What can men do
that boys cannot?
Well, let's just say
they can play better games.
Oh, you'll understand it all
much better when you get older.
Oh, like you, Auntie?
I am not an Auntie!
That word fits Electra
more than it does me!
[Electra sneezes]
Hmm.
Well, Jean certainly
keeps to his room.
That's right.
And that's why Nadia
is always mad at him.
That's just not true, Marie!
She hit a nerve.
It's nothing like that at all!
Yes, he's so young
and appears much more
interested in diagrams
than in pretty little girls.
Well, you'd better get
back to work now.
You don't know what
you're talking about!
I don't know.
[stomach growling]
Hmm, I must be hungrier
than I thought.
Hey, is there anything
left to eat over there?
Have you looked
at the clock lately?
No.
Do you think Ms. Grandis
has gone to bed yet?
You chose to skip dinner,
so you'll have to
make your own meal tonight.
I can't do that.
I-I don't know how to cook.
What?
At home, my auntie always used
to prepare my meals for me.
Besides, all of your meals have
been prepared by someone else.
Jean, you have lived
a very sheltered life, my boy.
Are you making fun of me now?
Oh, no, I'm just envious.
-Huh?
-Listen, me and Sanson,
we have had to
fend for ourselves
since we were just children.
We had to find our own food
and clothing.
Do you want to know
why that was?
I'll tell you why,
because if we didn't,
we'd have died.
If you're not a child,
go to the kitchen
and learn how to feed yourself.
[chuckles]
I acted a bit out
of character there.
Huh?
What's going on?
And at this time of night?
[indistinct chatter]
Oh, now I get it. Huh?
OK. It's ready.
Oh!
This small token
is just cheap paper refuse
compared to
your incomparable beauty,
but my shy heart
begs me to offer it.
Oh, please accept it.
Oh.
[Hanson]
Sanson!
What are you doing
with my flower?
Oh, uh, I was just
giving them a test run
to see if they worked
on the ladies
like I--uh, you wanted them to.
[grunts]
Just testing them out?
Ah! No!
I didn't mean it--oh!
[men grunt]
No!
You all are taking what
I'm saying the wrong way.
[indistinct chatter]
Stop it!
What is all the ruckus?
I see.
All of the sailors
have come to pester
my granddaughter again.
Well, if you need
medical attention,
let me see your injuries.
See?
Hmm. This looks serious.
How did it happen?
Well, um... [laughs]
-[Marie] Where are you going?
-What?
You made Jean
something to eat, didn't you?
I guess Nadia really
has eyes for Jean.
That's ludicrous.
Don't hide what
we already know.
It's natural for people in love
to be together
as much as possible.
Enough, Marie!
Wherever did you learn
such silly things?
Ms. Grandis.
[Grandis sneezes]
Hmm?
[Nadia]
That woman,
she's always up to
something devious.
Hmm?
Where is he going now?
Jean.
Nadia.
[Nadia]
I was looking for you,
but I never expected
to find you here.
[Jean] Well, when I have
a problem to solve,
I come in here to think.
[Nadia] That's probably because
you feel more at home
-surrounded by machinery.
-[Jean] You think so?
[Nadia] Oh, my.
I forgot all about your snack.
What's this?
That's so rude.
Do you have any idea how long
it took me to make that?
Uh, oh, of course.
Thank you so much.
Eat it all up.
[nervously chuckles]
Hmm. So, what is this thing?
-[Jean] It's a ship's engine.
-[Nadia] It is?
Yes. It's a particle
annihilator.
What's that?
[Jean]
I wish I knew.
It's far beyond the science
of the 19th century.
And it's certainly
beyond my understanding.
Hmm, impressive.
[Jean] If it fell into
ordinary hands,
it would be used as a power
source to kill people.
That is what
Captain Nemo told me.
I find it really sad
that the world
of the grownups
has to work that way.
[sighs]
I-I don't want to be an adult.
I wish I could
be one right now.
Why?
Dreams are hard
to realize as a child.
We can only spend our time
chasing them.
When I grow up,
I'll be able to make my dreams
come true myself.
The best part of adulthood is
having the power to make
your hopes reality.
[Hanson]
These-These are for you.
Oh, are you quite sure those
are for me?
Yes, miss.
It-It was hard getting the
coloring right.
Oh, you made these?
-Y-Yes.
-Thank you!
These will certainly
brighten up my dull quarters.
Uh, would you--would you--uh--
I know.
I'll give some to Captain Nemo,
if that's all right.
Nemo?
The captain is really such
a flower aficionado, you know.
Uh, oh, I didn't know that.
Then give him some for me.
[laughs nervously]
[Sanson]
And so you walked away
without saying anything, right?
-Mm-hmm.
-What an amateur!
What happened to your
do or die spirit?
I don't need it.
Hmm?
I-I don't want to do or die,
OK?
You may call me a coward,
but I'd rather
sit back and wait.
Hmm.
This is where the problem is,
in the variable unit.
What should I do now?
I can't figure
this out myself.
You have to do this entirely
on your own.
Oh, Jean, I want to fly again.
Adults are supposed
to give advice to children.
[Jean]
Children, eh?
That's it!
-Come in.
-Well, I was hoping to ask
your advice on a little problem
I have, Hanson.
Hmm, of course.
However, you should have
come to me long ago, young man.
Don't act like
you won't help me.
See, the problem
is inside the variable unit.
All right. Show it to me.
This?
Oh, why don't you try changing
the shape of the cam?
[Jean] The shape?
Oh, I see!
Kid, you must have
finally realized
what you can and can't
do by yourself.
That means
you're almost a man.
[Jean]
Yes! That solves it!
-[man 1] Hmm. Interesting.
-[man 2] Oh, right.
Look at that! Jean?
[indistinct chatter]
-You did it, Jean!
-[Jean] Yes! Thank you!
Something is wrong.
There's no balloon
or wings on it.
Are you sure it can fly?
Don't worry.
This one is all worked out.
But so are the ones
that crashed.
Those were different.
I had some expert assistance
when I built this one.
-[chuckles]
-Can I fly, too?
I think we should let them
be alone on this flight, Marie.
So they can be all mushy?
That's right, dear.
-Well, climb in.
-OK.
[engine starts]
Powers revving to full.
Ready for takeoff.
-Jean, is this safe?
-Just don't worry.
Here we go.
[engine revving]
[all] Oh!
-What's wrong with it?
-Take off!
[grunts]
-Jean, you can do it!
-[purrs]
[indistinct chatter]
Come on!
Jean, take 'em away!
-You can do it, Jean!
-Right!
Lift off!
[engine revving]
-[man 1] Hey!
-[man 2] Oh, yeah!
-Ooh! Hurray!
-Oh, yeah!
-boots off the ground!
-Yeah!
Let's fly! Yeah!
[all cheering]
We made it! Hah!
We're flying!
We're really flying!
You see? Like I said, it works!
Yes, Jean,
you're definitely a genius.
Well I'll be,
that is one sharp kid.
[man]
He really did it!
Well, I think
he's become a man today.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, Jean,
you really did it!
[mellow music playing]
[Nadia] Oh, my goodness,
this feels wonderful!
I've never been
this close to a cloud before.
[gasps] I can almost reach out
and touch them!
[Jean laughs]
Do you want to go into them?
-Huh?
-[Jean laughs]
[Nadia] Whoa!
Jean, I can't see anything!
[Jean] Now,
you can see everything.
-Hey, Nadia.
-[Nadia] Yes, Jean?
[Jean] I can see something
very clearly now.
-[Nadia] What?
-The difference between
the Jean I was
and the Jean I will be now.
Huh?
I'm going to study science
and learn about life
in the grown-up world.
I'm going to learn
about everything everywhere.
And even though
this little craft
won't be able to take us
all the way there,
I have every confidence
that one day
when I have become
a man who can look after you,
I promise I will take
you to Africa.
Huh?
Oh, Jean, I can't wait.
[singing in Japanese]